📖 Remove deprecation message clusterctl (#2445)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/tooling/clusterctl.md

<aside class="note warning">

> <h1>Notice</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h1>⚠️ Upcoming breaking changes</h1>
```

> This utility has been updated to `clusterctl v2`. It's design doc can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/master/docs/proposals/20191016-clusterctl-redesign.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This utility, in its current form will be superseded by `clusterctl v2`. A design doc can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/master/docs/proposals/20191016-clusterctl-redesign.md)
```
